README.md, before:

# Notes
Cool or important info.

## Categories 

### Leadership
[Phil Condit - CEO at Boeing](People/PhilCondit(CEO-Boeing).md)

[PattyMcCord - exCTO at Netflix](People/PattyMcCord(CTO-Netflix).md)

[Simon Sinek - The Infinite Game: How to Lead in the 21st Century](People/SimonSinek.md)

### Success

[Will Smith](People/WillSmith.md)

### Work ethic

[Will Smith](People/WillSmith.md)

### Entrepreneurship

[Randall Pich - CEO at Live Fit](People/RandallPich(CEO-LiveFit).md)

[PattyMcCord - exCTO at Netflix](People/PattyMcCord(CTO-Netflix).md)

[Simon Sinek - The Infinite Game: How to Lead in the 21st Century](People/SimonSinek.md)

### Self Help

[Matt D'Avella - Let Go of Control Before You Lose It](YouTube/Matt-D'Avella.md)

### Rationality

[Fake Beliefs - Less Wrong 2.0](Rationality/LW2-Fake-Beliefs.md)

[Predictably Wrong - Less Wrong 2.0](Rationality/LW2-Predictably-Wrong.md)

### Marketing

[Randall Pich - CEO at Live Fit](People/RandallPich(CEO-LiveFit).md)

### Hiring

[PattyMcCord - exCTO at Netflix](People/PattyMcCord(CTO-Netflix).md)

## Books
[Meditations - by Marucs Aurelius](Books/Meditations-MA.md)

Commit message:

The Laws of Human Nature - Grandiosity, Purpose, The pull of the group.

README.md, after:

# Notes
Cool or important info.

## Categories 

### Human Nature

[The Laws Of Human Nature - Robert Greene](Books/TheLawsOfHumanNature-RG.md)

### Leadership

[The Laws Of Human Nature - Robert Greene](Books/TheLawsOfHumanNature-RG.md)

[Phil Condit - CEO at Boeing](People/PhilCondit(CEO-Boeing).md)

[PattyMcCord - exCTO at Netflix](People/PattyMcCord(CTO-Netflix).md)

[Simon Sinek - The Infinite Game: How to Lead in the 21st Century](People/SimonSinek.md)

### Success

[The Laws Of Human Nature - Robert Greene](Books/TheLawsOfHumanNature-RG.md)

[Will Smith](People/WillSmith.md)

### Work ethic

[Will Smith](People/WillSmith.md)

### Entrepreneurship

[Explosive Growth - Cliff Lerner](Books/ExplosiveGrowth-CL.md)

[Randall Pich - CEO at Live Fit](People/RandallPich(CEO-LiveFit).md)

[PattyMcCord - exCTO at Netflix](People/PattyMcCord(CTO-Netflix).md)

[Simon Sinek - The Infinite Game: How to Lead in the 21st Century](People/SimonSinek.md)

### Self Help

[Matt D'Avella - Let Go of Control Before You Lose It](YouTube/Matt-D'Avella.md)

[The Laws Of Human Nature - Robert Greene](Books/TheLawsOfHumanNature-RG.md)

### Rationality

[Fake Beliefs - Less Wrong 2.0](Rationality/LW2-Fake-Beliefs.md)

[Predictably Wrong - Less Wrong 2.0](Rationality/LW2-Predictably-Wrong.md)

[The Laws Of Human Nature - Robert Greene](Books/TheLawsOfHumanNature-RG.md)

### Marketing

[Randall Pich - CEO at Live Fit](People/RandallPich(CEO-LiveFit).md)

### Hiring

[PattyMcCord - exCTO at Netflix](People/PattyMcCord(CTO-Netflix).md)

## Books
[Meditations - by Marucs Aurelius](Books/Meditations-MA.md)
